A customized ISO still needs the registration config added (#194)
rancher/elemental-docs: docs/customizing.md

              .
```

The new customized installation media can be found in `elemental-teal-amd64.iso`.

> It still needs to [be prepared](quickstart-cli#preparing-the-installation-seed-image)
> and can then be used to boot and provision the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution important
You still need to [prepare the installation image](quickstart-cli#preparing-the-installation-seed-image) so it can be used to boot and provision the machine.
:::
```
